[docs] Add tip to help access the docs of a previous version when finding answers in StackOverflow (#30101)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/getting-started/support/support.md

[Post a question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/mui)

> > 💡 **Tip**: If you're using an old MUI version and go to StackOverflow for support on it, you may find answers with links that redirect you to content that doesn't exist anymore on the latest version. So, to easily access any previous version, just add `v[number]` at the beginning of the URL, like so: [v4.mui.com](https://v4.mui.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 **Tip**: If you're using an older version and use external resources (such as StackOverflow) for help with it, you may find answers with links that direct you to content that no longer exists in the latest version of the documentation. To easily access any previous version of the docs, simple add `v[number]` at the beginning of the URL, like so: [v4.mui.com](https://v4.mui.com/).
```

Author: > _"...simple add `v[number]` at the beginning of the URL..."_

Is it really _"simple"_ or _*simply*_?

Reviewer: Typo, fixed :)

> > 💡 **Tip**: If you're using an older version and use external resources (such as StackOverflow) for help with it, you may find answers with links that direct you to content that no longer exists in the latest version of the documentation. To easily access any previous version of the docs, simply add `v[number]` at the beginning of the URL, like so: [v4.mui.com](https://v4.mui.com/).

Reviewer 2: > content that no longer exists in the latest version of the documentation

Do we have an example? I suspect that we could have a 301, without the need to update the docs.

Reviewer 2: Found it, never mind, my assumption was wrong.
